[Music]
it's just thin like air and it's so
expensive and it just does like the
processor is so weak and it's thin and
look like a like a makeup bag like a
massive no it look like what did they
make up things that you know girl they
open it up in the checking himself in
the mirror but like a bigger version of
it fucking ass seriously I just realized
how dumb this is actually the probably
designed for vain people who thinks that
oh yeah let me get like the most
expensive computer because it's thin but
the processor a shit but you know yeah
because thin you know it's really thin
ha Fidan you want a laptop to be that
just doesn't make sense - no cd-rom no
cd-rom what's the point - if someone
give you a CD of software and stuff oh
no they got is Wi-Fi well not everyone
has Wi-Fi Jesus in the jungle this is
really messed up no cd-rom and you have
to pay extra for a cd-rom wrong one USB
what you asked me all my days you pay an
over grand for computer with one you
asked me this computer seriously fucked
up right they've got one model across
1,200 quid man is go Jew 1.6 80 gigabyte
hard drive only 80 gigabyte why do they
do it 80 gigabyte you spend one gram 200
quid on an 80 gigabyte hard drive laptop
walkie now and the next one is 2 grand
just over 2 grand with already 1.8 and
what the fuck is a solid-state drive
what means a fucking solid-state drive
I'm sorry if you guys think that it
looks cool right no yeah it doesn't look
cool I'm sorry it looks like a pussy
really like you know it's just so thin
and he looks like what Alemany on the
shiny and it's thin you know it's it's
you use it as a baking tray site it
looks like a fucking baking tray and
trust me a baking tray does not look
cool ok seriously it's just dumb I'll
rather get like a Mac
a medium matte look here the price is
like you know 400 pounds cheaper and
it's like way stronger got loads more
hard drive yeah it's got cd-rom drive
it's got firewire and it's got all the
connection thing about magic and you
know and it's it's solid do not I mean
and it's you know it's more powerful
it's go everything that's more but it's
cheaper and it doesn't look like a wimp
do not I mean what's the point like you
know I don't get it people stop buying
it stop it
save your money you know buy a Macbook
instead you know